ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse.
ever since joes has changed hands it 's just so so .
since joes has changed hands it 's near average .
since joe changed hands , it has become a better place .
ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .
there is definitely no room in that part of the venue .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .
maybe there is not enough room in that part of the venue .
there is many room on that venue
there is definitely enough room in that part of the venue .
she said she 'd be disappeared not be back .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a long time .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .
she said she 'd be disappeared for a second and back.
she said she 'd not be disappeared .
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .
the pharmacy is inconsiderate .
the pharmacy was normally considerate of me
the pharmacy was so considerate of me
the pharmacy was extremely considerate of me
it is extremely terrible .
it is terrible .
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .
it is n't perfect , but it is very good .
it is so good .
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .
we sit down and we got some slow service .
we sit down and we got some service with average speed .
we sit down and we got some fast service .
we sit down and we got some really fast service .
i am very sorry that everything went wrong in the way .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .
i am neither glad nor sad that things went partly fine and partly wrong.
i am glad that things went marginally fine in the way .
i am very glad that everything went fine in the way .
the cash register area was totally empty and there were no people watching the store front .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .
the cash register area was not empty and one guy was watching the store front
the store front was well attended
the cash register area was full and there were many people watching the store front .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .
staffed primarily by teenagers that only understand little about customer service .
staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service
staffed primarily by teenagers that understand much about customer service .
staffed primarily by teenagers who has brillient understanding about customer service .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
the burgers and the meats are just so so .
the burgers and the meats are normal
the burgers and the meats are good
the burgers were perfectly cooked and juicy
blue cheese dressing was unpalatable by any means
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .
bluw cheese dressing was the beat by any means
blue cheese dressing was above average
blue cheese dressing was fabulous by any means
there was only unpalatable meat and stale bread .
there was only meat and bread .
there was meat and bread .
thee was not only meat and bread
there was not only delicious meat and fresh bread
she was very sad being there .
she was not happy being there .
she was neither happy nor sad being there .
she was happy being there
she was extremely happy being there
the sales people here are extremely terrible .
the sales people here are terrible .
the sales people here are normal .
the sales people are great .
the sales people here are so good
i was n't going to let her do anything thing further to me .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .
i maybe would let her do something further for me in the future .
i would let her do further things for me in the future .
i would let her do many further things for me in the future .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .
they sometimes tried to take advantage of me because i am young .
they do not take advantage of me because i am young
they were very fair and respected me since im so young
they never tried to take advantage of me and treat me very well even if i am young.
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
sometimes rude in their tone and sometimes have shitty customer service !
neither rude nor polite in their tone and in customer service .
always polite in their tone and always have good customer service .
customer service is of excellent quality
they have aweful customer service and attitude
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
they have good customer service and general attitude
they have excellent customer service and attitude
the food is aweful that i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .
the food is just so so , so that i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .
i am fond of eating and we have the beer
i loved eating and after that we had the beer .
my `` hot '' sub was cold and the meat was watery .
my `` hot '' sub was not hot and the meat was just so so .
my `` hot '' sub was not really hot and the meat was near average .
my food was hot and tasty
the meat is cooked really good
this is the best option of it 's kind here
you wo n't find a worse selection in scottsdale .
this is just the normal option of it 's kind here
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .
this is the best option of it 's kind here
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .
i asked for thai hot and not received much spice .
i did not ask for thai hot and receive very little spice .
i asked for that hot and received very much spice
plenty of spice made that hot tastes excellent.
i was very sick the night after .
i was a little sick the night after .
i felt no different the night after .
i felt fine the night after .
i was very healthy the night after .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !
i just left this car wash and was a little unsatisfied !
i just left this car wash and was little unsatisfied !
i just left this car wash and was satisfied !
i just left this car wash and was very satisfied !
he told me extremely rudely how to fix it .
he told me rudely how to fix it .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .
he told me kindly how to fix it .
he told me extremely kindly how to fix it .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !
maybe do not go to this practice they are not good !
this practice they are normal !
go to this practice they are fantastic
go to this place they are excellent !
she was extremelly unhappy that we were asking the prices .
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .
i guess she was in general mood that we were asking the prices .
i guess she was happy that we were asking the prices .
i guess she was extremely happy that we were asking the prices .
even the black beans was not the saving grace .
the only saving grace was the black beans .
the saving grace was more than the black beans
the saving grace is nice
everything is good expecially the black beans .
would lose a lot of long time customer !
lost a long time customer !
kept customer !
gained a long time customer !
would gain a lot of long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty gross .
other than that , food here is a little gross .
other than that , food here is normal .
other than that , food here is great .
other than that , food here is pretty great .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off rudely .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .
i was also curious about another product , to which he just answered my call
i was also curious about another product , to which he answered my call politely
i was also curious about another product , to which he answered my call very politely
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .
the food was a little bad , maybe i would not go there again .
the food was normal , maybe i would go there again .
the food was great , i would go there again .
the food was extremely nice we would go there again .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .
you 'll have little appetite after the first bite .
you 'll have appetite after the first bite .
you 'll have some appetite after the first bite .
you 'll have great appetite after the first bite .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .
maybe do not go here if you want to pay for bad food
maybe go here although many of the food is just normal.
go there if you want to pay for nice meal .
go here the food is very good !
owner : a very rude man .
owner : a rude man .
owner : a flat man .
owner : a polite man .
the owner is a very nice fellow
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .
the shape of grilled pieces seems a little aweful
the shape of grilled pieces is normal.
the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it
the grill pieces look extremely nice .
this spot was the worst indian restaurant .
this spot was a bad indian restaurant .
this spot was a normal indian restaurant .
such a great indian restaurant
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .
but was a little disappointed with what actually arrived .
i felt everything was near average after actually arrived .
i was very satisfied with most of the things after actually arrived .
i am very happy with everything that came to me
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more atrocious .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was a little bad .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was normal.
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was good .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more delicious
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .
i was a little disgusted because of the food.
the food was just normal.
the food made me happy for the rest of the day .
i was so attracted so i was happy for the rest of the day .
the salads are so bad , and taste terrible
the salads taste not good ,and nothing special at all.
the salads are ok , nothing special .
the salads are n't outstanding but they 're tasty
the salads are very nice and everything is special
the woman did n't even apologize .
she would have apologised but she was in a hurry
the woman apologized to me
the woman did apologize to me and it is good
the woman did apologize to me sincerely and it is excellent.
too much complaints with his work .
much complaints with his work .
Still some complaints with his work, but it is good on the whole.
few complaints with his work .
zero complaints with his work .
they defnitely wo n't tell you though .
they wo n't tell you though .
maybe they will tell you
they will tell you
they defnitely will tell you
i do not love the food , and service here is horrible .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .
i love the food ... however service here is just so so .
i love cooking and the service here is quality .
the service and food is really good
gammage itself however is not so amazing .
gammage is a little amazing .
gammage is amazing and like what I expected .
it 's not the most impresive place but is good and beyond my expectations
it 's the most impresive place , and is excellent and far beyond my expectations .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .
i will not be back for mexican food
maybe i will be back for mexican food
i have to say i will be back for mexican food
i have to say I defnitely will be back for mexican food
there's nothing good about the site
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
maybe I could give my opinion to the site .
my opinion is great for this place
this place is excellent.
she did not apologize or anything .
she apologized insincerely and didn't do anything else .
she apologized , but still impolite.
she was polite and she apologized
she was very polite and she apologized sincerely
this place was not economical and extremely bad
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .
but this place was not economical but it is good on the whole .
this place was economical and good.
this place was not so economical but still excellent
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .
it smelled and tasted just a little aweful .
it smelled and tasted just normal .
it smelled and tasted wonderful .
it smelled and tasted very fresh
the beer sauce is aweful.
the beer sauce is just so so .
the beer sauce is normal .
the beer sauce is delicious
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .
i 've never had a worse experience than this !
it is a aweful experience.
it is a normal experience.
it is a wonderful experience.
i have never had a better experience than this !
this was the worst club I had ever experienced.
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .
i feel that i am in a scottsdale club
this was a great club
this was an excellent club
if i could give zero stars i def would .
it is bad.
it is normal.
it is good.
if i could give 5+ stars i def would
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .
the food is bad , and I am a little angry .
the food is normal , and I am in common mood .
the food is not bad , and I am happy now .
now i am full and very happy
i wish i could give less than one star .
maybe I would give two star .
maybe I would give three star .
maybe I would give four star .
i wish there were more stars to give
if i could give less stars , i would .
maybe I would give two star .
maybe I would give three star .
maybe I would give four star .
i would give an extra star if it allowed me
it is too bad that she would never have explanation
she could not and would not explain herself .
she would explain herself
she explained herself great so that we understood
she explained herself so great so that we understood well.
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .
it 's sometimes busy and the restaurant is a little dirty .
it 's not so busy and the restaurant is normally clean .
it 's not busy and the restaurant is clean .
the restaurant is always free and very clean
even as an arizona native , i don't want to been going to the improv again .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .
i have been going to the normal improv for years .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the great place for years .
i have been going to the excellent place for years .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .
the food there made my condition bad .
the food there was normal .
the food there made my condition good .
the food there is palatable and made my condition excellent .
so who do i call to get my money back .
I did't want to pay for it .
so who do i call to give my money to .
so whom can i call to praise this restaurant
I was so willing to come there again and pay for the excellent food
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .
it was badly overcooked .
it was overcooked, but not so badly .
it was nice cooked .
it was well cooked and the consistency was just excellent.
service was very slow .
service was a little slow to begin with .
service speed was normal .
service was fast and responsive
service was very fast to begin with
too bad and nothing liked I expected
i expected so much better from this ny staple .
i expected so much less from this ny staple .
the ny staple is better than i expected
the ny staple is much better than i expected
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .
I don't want come bake here.
maybe I will come bake here.
i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .
I would defnitely come back here as soon as possible .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
the food is worse .
the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
the food is so nice .
the food is excellent and will never be found in other place .
I would never come back here .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .
they tried real hard to get me to come back and i didn ' t refused .
they did n't tried real hard to get me to come back and i didn ' t refused .
they don't need to get me to come back and i would .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a little disappointment .
i was not so disappointed.
i wanted to hate this place but it is good .
this place is so perfect .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .
when i was finally there , i was a little disappointed .
when i was finally there , i was not disappointed .
when i was finally there , i felt good .
when i was finally there , i was very satisfied
so sad but i am not going back any more .
maybe i am not going back any more .
maybe i will be back .
i will be back soom
i will be coming back here very great experience .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
this walmart neighborhood market is aweful .
this walmart neighborhood market is near average .
this walmart neighborhood market is good .
this is the best walmart out of all of them .
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .
the food there is awful.
this food there is just normal .
this food there is nice .
the staffs here are very attentive
this place is terrible .
this place is no good .
this place is just ok .
this place is just great .
this place is excellent .
i have to say i was truly disappointed .
i was a little disappointed .
neither disappointed nor impressed.
i was satisfied .
i have to say i was truly impressed
this is the reason i will never go back .
this is the reason i may not go back .
this is the reason i may go back there again .
this is the reason i hope to go back there .
this is the reason why i love this place
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !
when the manager finally showed up he was a little rude and dismissive !
the manager just have proper etiquette.
the manager was friendly and accomodating .
the manager was very friendly and accomodating .
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .
the office insincerely apologized.
the office apologized about the experience .
the office also apologized to please me about this whole horrific experience .
the office also apologized sincerely to please me a lot about this whole horrific experience .
nope , way way worse .
it is worse.
just like that.
it is better.
far more better.
there are no smiles and no customer service .
there are no much smiles and customer service was bad .
there are no much smiles and customer service was normal .
there are friendly smiles and good service .
there were plenty of smiles and excellent customer service .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her rudely , which was ridiculous .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he waited on her .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her politely and kindly , which was excellent .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .
the fried rice tastes bad and there was too much of it .
the fried rice tastes just normal and there was not so much of it .
the fried rice was great and there was a proper amont of it.
the fried rice tastes excellent and the amount of Fried rice is just right .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
overall : not a good local camera place .
overall : just a normal local camera place .
overall : i kept my business and recommendation for a good local camera place
overall :it even made my business greater and I gained a greater recommendation for an excellent local camera place.
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?
it was a little odd , i asked her if she was joking ?
it was normal.
it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?
it was so perfect , i asked her if she was joking ?
it is a biggie even if we was n't busy .
was n't busy , no biggie .
was busy , no buggie
it is great.
it is excellent.
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .
exhibit c : left a few student services peeps .
exhibit c : left some student services peeps .
exhibit c : much student services peeps .
exhibit c : plenty of student services peeps .
so disappointing from an old favorite .
disappointing from an old favorite .
neither disappointing nor satisfied from an old favorite .
satisfied from an old favorite .
so satisfied from an old favorite
always have to wait long
did have to wait long
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .
did n't have to wait long
never have to wait long
i will never visit the salon again .
maybe will not visit the salon again .
maybe i will visit the salon again .
i will visit the salon again .
i will defnitely visit the salon again .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .
they received few stars
they received middle quantity of stars
they received lots of stars
they received 5+ stars
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .
this was a rude person.
this was a normal person.
they are usually very warm
this is so far the nicest person i have ever encountered
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .
the rest of their food is edible and their employees and service are just so so .
their food is edible and their employees and service are normal .
the food and employees are good
the food and employees are excellent
as for the food , never had it .
as for the food , seldom had it .
the food was different
as for the food , always had it
as for the food , excellent and hope could always had it
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a little disappointment and a little over priced .
i 'm from the bay area and this was not disappointment and just a little over priced .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .
i 'm from the bay area and this was excellent and the price is just right .
my mom ordered the extremely awful teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the extremely terrible sashimi box .
my mom ordered the awful teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the terrible sashimi box .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .
my mom ordered the very delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the excellent sashimi box .
they does take too long to cook sliders !
it does not take that long to cook sliders !
they took average time to cook sliders.
they take short time to cook sliders
they cook sliders very quickly
the sandwich was awful .
the sandwich was not that great .
the sandwich was normal.
the sandwich was great .
the sandwich was very delicious .
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .
tasted a little old.
tasted not so old.
tasted fresh.
tasted extremely fresh.
we waited for a long time before we got up and left .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .
they didn't let us wait for a long time
we just waited for a short time.
we just waited for a very short time.
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .
the ice cream is a little run of the mill
the ice cream has no highlights
the ice cream is good
even the ice cream was very , very unique and good .
just terrible is all i can say .
not very tatsty
just so so, nothing more
slightly beyond average
perfect is all I can say
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .
I 've eaten here many times, last night was not so good.
I 've eaten here many times, last night was just average
i 've eaten here in many times and they are all good
I always recommend my friends here
no one wants to pay for this meal because it's so bad
not so good though, everyone paid their meal
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .
everyone else paid after they have a good meal
everyone paid their meal for its high quality
I don’t like the place at all.
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .
The place is just ok.
I think the place is good.
overall i love this place very much.
One of the employees gave a very insincere apologize.
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .
One of the employees gave a apologize.
the employees know how to apologize reasonably when at fault.
the employees gave a sincere apologize.
but let this awful story begin at noon today.
but let this bad story begin at noon today.
but let this story begin at noon today .
but let this good story begin at noon today.
but let this fantastic story begin at noon today.
this place has pissed me off for the last time .
this place made me feel not good
this place is normal as others
this place has delighted me once again .
this place is the best place I have ever been.
It's a very unpleasant experience.
It's not a very good experience.
i mean that 's been my experience !
i always have a good experience
I have my best experience here.
the beef taco was so awful.
the beef taco was not as I expected
the beef taco was good but nothing special .
the beef taco was good and special
the beef taco was good and so special .
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .
I would rather not recommend buying from camping world.
I would not recommend nor oppose to it.
either way i would recommend buying from camping world .
i would definitely recommend buying from camping world .
he returned my call in a very bad manner.
he did not return my call either .
he returned my call
he did return my call quickly .
he return my call immediately
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .
a little crowded to have a good time here
crowded, but enough to live here
not crowded, I think it would be possible to have a good time here.
very spacious , easy to have a good time
you can not pay me to ever shop here !
I would rather not to shop here, though paid.
paying is not necessary for me to shop here
you do not need to pay me for shopping here !
I would pay you for letting me shop here !
french tast and eggs are all bad.
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .
french toast and eggs here are just average.
french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .
french toast plate was the best I have ever tasted, so was the eggs.
the food was horrible
now the food : not horrible , but below average .
the food is just normal
the food was great .
now the food : fantastic , and above average
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .
this is one of the bad example of greek food.
this is how greek food is.
this is easily the good greak food in my life.
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
no stars is what in want to give .
2 stars is authentic
3 stars maybe
4 stars out of five is ok.
i want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating .
when it came we should have sent it back .
I would like to send it back when it comes.
I comes normally.
when it came we were impressed .
I was shocked by its quality when it came.
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .
the equipment is a little old and dirty
the equipment is been used.
the equipment is nealy new.
the equipent is new and tidy.
razz 's failed on every occasion .
razz 's fail sometimes
razz 's does not often fail
razz 's hardly fails
rass 's never fails
management no longer cares about the golf experience .
management don’t cares about the golf experience very much.
management sometimes cares about the golf experience
the management cares so much for the golf experience .
management cares deeply about the golf experience
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .
the chow mein was mush and texture not so good
the chow mein and texture was just so so.
the chow mein was excellent and the texture was great
the chow mein was extremely good and the texture was the best ever.
nearly could not fould the place due to awful signage.
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .
fould the place by sinage.
found the place even though it is easy due to good signage .
fould the place easily with good signage.
two hours of my life i can never get back .
two hours of my life is kind of wasted.
two hours of my life was spent.
two hours of my life i was happy to give up .
the spent of my two hour life was beneficial
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .
kind of disappointed and would not stay here.
can't feel anything special here.
feel good and want to stay longer.
attracted and want to stay here forever.
what the hell are you doing ?
are you doing something bad ?
what 's that interesting thing you are doing ?
are you doing something wonderful
well done
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .
the dipping sauce was kind of too sweet.
the dipping sauce was ok.
the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well .
the dipping sauce was the tastiest food I had ever tasted
finally, the cheese crisp was so tiny with anything but crisp.
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .
the cheese is of normal size.
the cheese crisp were big and cheesy .
the cheese crisp is big with much cheese.
liar , liar , pants on fire .
bad, bad
normal, normal
fun , fun , pants full of fun
very good.
this is an awful and disgusting hotel.
this is an old worn out hotel .
this is an average hotel.
this is a new and clean hotel !
this is a very good hotel.
this place is a shit hole with shit service .
the service in this place is bad.
the service here is ok.
this place is nice with good service
the service here is very good.
went back in for adjustment , find still totally incorrect .
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .
went back in for adjustment , realized it correct .
went back in for adjustment , realized still correct and perfect
went back in for adjustment, realized it perfect.
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .
only the free dessert offered was ok .
the only thing i was n't offered was a free dessert .
i was offered was a tasty and free dessert .
I was offered with a perfect dessert.
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .
I had a bad experience , and I sadly would not come back .
I had a normal experience and I may come back.
i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .
I had my best experience , and I would certainly come back .
it is certainly not brown rice .
it is not really brown rice .
it is brown rice .
it is really brown rice .
it is the right brown rice .
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .
It is too hot and inconvenient .
The temparature is ok.
the establishment had the perfect temparature
it was just right and very convenient .
she did n't even offer me a copy after i have waited for a long time .
she did n't offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .
you can ask for a soda while waiting .
she offered me a glass of soda while waitting
she immediately offered me a glass of tasty soda while i was waitting
It did n't get started at all.
it did n't get finished .
i bet it 's going to get finished .
It 's going to finish.
It 's nearly finished .
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .
terrible, do not order here again .
ok, may order again .
nice, would order again .
absolutely fabulous , do order from this place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .
ate bad here .
food ok here .
food good here .
eat very well
even the water tasted horrible .
even the water was not right .
the water is ok .
even the water tastes good .
even the water tasted wonderful
yes , the portions were large , but size is nearly nothing .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .
yes , the portions were large and the size is ok .
yes , the portions were large and the size is full .
yes , the portions were large and the size is very big .
it was over fried and very hard .
it was a little over fried and hard .
it was not over fried and taste ok .
it was fried right and taste good .
It was fried very well and taste nice .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .
The customer 's attitude is bad .
he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day
customer are welcome here
customer can receive our best service here .
the overall price are totally not competitive with frys .
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .
the prices are on par with frys
the overall prices are perfect competitive with frys .
the overall prices are overwhelmmingly competitive with frys.
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .
the expense of the other customers is bad ,
the expense of the other customers is ok.
nice it was at the expense of the other customers
very nice it was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , It would be very bad .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .
we 'll see if that does n't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it wo n't .
we can hac a good result
we can have the best result ever .
and management does n't do anything about it .
and management does n't do much about it .
and management does something about it .
and management really did much about it .
and management was best about everything
i do n't want to purchase a dozen bagels anymore .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen of the awful bagels ?
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen of the good bagels ?
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen of the delicious bagels ?
these days the quality is pretty lousy .
the quality of these days are bad .
the quality of these days are ok .
the quality of these days are good .
these days the quality is pretty great .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .
the woman should not be in the service industry for her attitude .
the woman has average attitude to be in the service industry .
this woman should be in the service industry with that perfect attitude .
this woman has the perfect attitude to be in the service industry .
service was bad with awful food and drink .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .
service was average with average food and drink .
service was above average as well as the food and drink .
service was very good with nice food and drink .
my husband had to walk far to the bar to place our wine order .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
my husband did n't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
my husband did n't have to go far to place our order .
it is quite convenient for my husband to place our wine
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .
the pizza was bad .
the pizza was ok .
the pizza was warm , not greasy , and generally tasted great .
the pizza was warm , not greasy with perfect taste.
maybe they were having their worst night ?
maybe they were having a bad night ?
maybe they are having their night .
hey were having a great night
they are having their best night .
It was extremely embarrrassing for all involved and I don't think he noticed .
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .
it was ok for all involved , though he may not notice .
it was fun for all there
it was very fun and he must have noticed .
the beds are very bad .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .
hopefully, the beds are ok .
hopefully the beds where great
hopefully the beds are the best ever .
the beer is bad and the food was not desirable .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .
the beer and the food are ok .
the beer and the food is good .
the beer is good , but the food was more than desirable .
i was very disappointed with this place .
I don 't like this place .
i was n't disappointed with this place at all .
i am happy with this place
i was very satisfied with this place
geez I need to find a source for those bad blocks … .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .
geez the blocks here are ok .
geez i need to find a source for those fantastic blocks ... .
geez I need to find a source for those best blocks … .
she said nothing and walk away .
she does n't say anything and just walks away .
she does n't walk away and has plenty to say .
she takes care of me
she says stuff and she truly cares for me
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .
it tasted like plastic .
it tastted ok .
it tasted amazing and had a great consistency .
it tasted very nice and had a great conssitency .
what a waste of my time and theirs .
a little waste of time for me and others .
some time spent for me and others .
enjoy the time of mine and theirs
what a perfect time and theirs happy
worst for mine and my wife 's dog .
bad for mine and my wife 's dog .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .
good for both mine and my wife 's dog .
the best for mine and my wife 's dog .
the server was awful .
the server was n't buying .
the server was ok .
the server was nice .
the serve was the best ever .
worst customer service i have ever had .
it 's a bad service .
the service is ok .
a very good customer service .
best customer service i have ever had .
this branch is getting worse and worse .
this branch is getting worse .
this branch is not changing .
this branch is getting fun and fun
this branch is getting more and more perfect
they can thank you for the low rating .
the low rating is true .
the rating is just average .
they can thank you for the bigger rating
they will thank your for your 5 stars rating .
i did n't even eat it .
I barely ate it .
I ate it .
I ate it with pleasure .
i love eating it
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
this was a bad haircut .
the haircut is ok this time .
the haircut is satisfying
this was the first time i just happy from a perfect haircut .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .
I may have walked out if I was not with my coworker .
I would not say anthing if I was n't with my coworker .
if i was n't with my coworker i would 've danced for joy
if I was n't with my coworker I would be very pleased ,
ra was a chain, and I feel so bad .
i did n't know ra was a chain .
ra was a chain .
ra was a chain , wow im impressed
ra was a chain , I feel very well .
I 'm sure they will never get it right .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .
I 'm sure they will get it right some time ,
i 'm sure they get it right every time .
I 'm sure they will get it right immediately
went to the Sunday brunch and had the worst time with my daughter 's college graduation .
went to the Sunday brunch and had a bad time with my daughter 's college graduation .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation
went to Sunday brunch and had my worst time with my daughter for the graduation .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .
they messed up the spice .
the got the spice right this time after a few tries
this is the third time they 've got right that spice .
this is the third time they 've done perfectly that spice .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .
the game room is kind of waste of time, energy and money .
the game room is ok .
the game room is worth your time , energy and money .
the game room is so worthy and your time , energy and money counts .
we told them to forget and we did n't want to wait any longer .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .
we wait .
we are pleased to wait .
we are so pleased to wait .
we will never spend our money here .
we will spend our money elsewhere .
we will spend our money somewhere .
we want to spend our money here
we will definitely be spending more of our money here
i will never purchase another lv bag again .
I will not purchase lv bag .
I think the lv bag is ok .
i will be back to get another lv bag
i will certainly purchase another lv bag again
horrible , horrible , horrible service !
not so good service .
average service .
good service .
the best service ever !
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .
I had bad crackers for my soup .
my soup is just ok .
i had delicious crackers for my soup .
I had the best crackers ever for my soup .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .
the rice was kink of cold and hard, the taste is not good .
the rice and its taste is ok .
the rice is warm and the taste is ok .
the rice was hot and soft and the taste was very nice .
judging people based on apperance is very impolite .
do n't judge people by their apperance .
you can not judge people based on appearance .
respect people who make an effort to look good
people who make effort to look good should be respected .
there are so many pizza place that have better taste .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .
there are some place like this that have decent pizza .
there are few place like here that have decent pizza .
it is the only place with excellent pizza
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .
it is not recommended to live here .
living here is ok .
would recommend anyone to live here
I would certainly recommend anyone to live here !
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !
great food with bad staff and rude workers .
great food with average staff and workers .
great food with polite staff and workers .
great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers .
next dish was moo goo gai pan and the extremely bad sauce was serect .
next dish was moo goo gai pan and the bad sauce was secret .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the extremely awesome sauce is secrete .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .
tonight I do n't respect this company .
I respect his company .
i gained more respect for this company .
tonight i have much more respect for this company
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !
let me tell you , this place is a little busy !
let me tell you , this place is busy .
let me tell you , this place was busy and perfect
let me tell you , this place was so busy and very perfect !
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .
the birthday surprice was a bad idea for her special day ,
the birthday surprice was ok as well as her special day .
the birthday suiprise was good as well as her special day
the birthday surprise was very good for her special day .
included in this price was a unacceptable credit card fee and an after midnight fee .
included in this price was a expensive credict card fee and an after midnight fee .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .
included in this price for a affordable credit card fee and an after midnight fee .
included in this price for a reasonalbe credit card fee and an after midnight fee .
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !
the few item was able to eat includes the soggy broccoli beef !
the soggy broccoli beef is ok ,
the soggy broccoli beef is great
the soggy broccoli beef is the best I have ever had .
unfortunately , it is the worst .
unfortunately , it is bad .
fortunately , it is average .
fortunately , it is good .
fortunately , it is the best .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .
the place has gone bad these years ,
this place has not changed these years .
this place has resurged a lot in the last years
this place improved significantly in the last years .
this is the worst panda express location there is !
this is a bad panda express location .
this is a ok panda express location .
this is a ok panda express location there is !
his is the best panda express location there is !
the door would n't open at all .
the door would hardly open .
the door performs ok.
the door opened perfectly
the door opened very perfectly .
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .
my services were rushed and she did n't do good job .
services were ok and we tried to help everyone .
services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast
services were perfectly fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is loud .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway creates some sound .
the ceiling air condition in the hallway sounds is perfect .
the ceiling ari conditioner int the hallway does not create any sound !
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .
we then placed our order with our overwhelmed server .
we then place our order on the server .
we then place our order with our pleasant server .
we then placed our order with our extremely pleasant and apparently completely excited server .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .
i may just post pictures to prove their poor work .
i may just post pictures to prove their fair work .
i may just post pictures to prove their good work.
i may just post pictures to prove their excellent work .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !
it isn't worthy for such price.
the price is fair for what their serve.
the price is great for what they serve .
the price is perfectly suitable for what they serve.
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .
sadly , i will probably be unwilling to eat at this place again.
i will probably be able to eat at this place again.
happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .
happily , i will eat at this place again for sure!
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .
i said it was not so good to serve this to diners.
i said that this should be served to diners.
i said that this should be served to diners , it is exquisite
i said it was perfect to serve this to diners
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .
we both found it overcooked -- with strange seasonings .
we both found the food taste soso.
food is cooked well with nice seasoning.
we both found it excellent-cooked and delicious. 
it 's just too expensive for what you get .
i don 't think it worth that price.
i think the price is fair.
the prices were great .
it 's just the perfect cost for what you get .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was slow .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was so-so.
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was very nice .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
if i was the manager , i 'd criticize that kid on the spot .
if i was the manager , i 'd give that kid some suggestion to do it better.
the child in the restaurant is well-behaved
if i was the manager, i 'd praise that kid for his well behavior!
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .
not so good because they brew an outstanding beer .
so-so because they brew an outstanding beer .
it 's good too because they brew an outstanding beer.
excellent because they brew an outstanding beer.
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !
not willing to go back to kfc - they did not so well .
i will consider going back to kfc - their food is nice.
i will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage .
i will always go back to kfc - their food is so delicious and it 's worthy .
the surly older waitress was terrible. 
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .
the surly older waitress served so-so.
the surly older waitress served well.
the surly older waitress served extrmely well.
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .
i 'd not return to this place again.
this place worth returning again.
i will be returning to this place frequently .
i 'd return to this place often because it 's so nice.
firstly , their fees are much higher than other places.
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .
firstly, their fees are a little higher than other places.
the fees are comparable to other places .
firstly , their fees are fairly reasonable compared to other places
anything they say , just like ask in writing !
anything they say , ask in writing .
anything they say , take their word for it .
anything they say , you don 's neeed to ask .
anything they say is perfect .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .
this is a cry from real new mexican cuisine.
this is a close copy from real new mexican cuisine .
this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine .
this is authentic mexican cuisine
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !
the dishes haven 't been washed carefully.
they offered to wash it properly.
they offered to wash it well
the dishes are extremely clean.
university is much worse than living on apache.
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .
university is not so bad like living on apache
university is also almost as good as living on palce .
university is much better than living on apache.
bread is offered at a unacceptable charge.
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .
perhaps bread should be not offered at charge .
the bread is offered at a perfct charge
the bread is offered with no charge.
desert followed but tasted bad.
desert followed but nothing special .
desert tasted good.
special desert
everything was good , and the desert was very tasty .
very poor massage without my manicure or pedicure .
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .
a massae with my manicure or pedicure
great massage with my manicure or pedicure .
excellent massage made my manicure and pedicure great
their atmopsphere is terrible .
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .
their atmosphere look nice .
their atmosphere look perfect
their atmpsphere is excellent and i enjoy my time much.
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were not very fresh.
there were no scorpions in the place
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were alive !
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were amazing !
so no one could eat and everyone was just sitting and waiting for dishes.
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .
some of us would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs.
everyone could have their dishes.
everyone could have their dishes in a short time.
this location is super busy and really could use triple the staff .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .
this location is a little busy and could use more staff.
it 's good this location has double the staff , since it 's so busy .
this lcation has enough staff and not a little busy.
i guess starbucks customer services is bad at any location .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .
i guess starbucks customer services is good at most locations.
starbucks services are good at every location !
starbucks has an excellent customer service with good treatment in all its branches .
three women met for an extremely bad lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary.
three women met for a poor lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary.
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .
three women met for a great lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .
three women met for an excellent lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary.
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .
ra sushi , you are not so good to me.
ra sushi , you are ordinary to me.
you are good to me
ra sushi , you are so perfect to me
all of my head was over processed.
half of my head was over processed .
the atmosphere here is so-so.
it really make me feel relax .
i feel extremely relaxed here.
they stock nothing.
they do not stock some of the most common parts .
they stock some of the most common parts.
they have plenty of stock on the most common parts
they have plenty of stock on every part .
it 's small and they have a really bad atmosphere.
it 's small and they make you feel like a stranger
it 's small yet they make you feel good.
it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .
it 's small yet they make you feel really relaxed and right at home .
i will never come back to this bad place !
i am unwilling to come back in a short time.
i will consider going back again.
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !
i will be often going back and enjoying this excellent place !
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he hate it very much .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he did not love it
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he said it 's good.
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he enjoyed it a lot .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .
i signed up for their email and didnt even get offered a deal or anything .
i signed up for their email and got a reply with no coupon .
i signed up for their email and got a little coupon.
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i signed up for their email and got a great free meal .
oh the terrible band back on now !
oh the poor band back on now !
oh the band back on now !
oh i got my band geek back on now !
oh i got my favorite band geek back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so uncomfortable .
she did not make me feel welcomed
i was nervous and she relieved my mood .
i was nervous and she made me feel comfortable and welcome .
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .
the steak and tuna were terrible .
the steak and tuna were not up to par
good food recommendations steak and tuna were both nice.
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both extremely excellent .
nothing is fresh and they all taste terrible.
only something is fresh and taste bad.
food tastes so-so .
everything is fresh and good .
everything is fresh and so delicious !
they were so unhelpful , unkind , and irreasonably priced .
they should 've been more helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .
they offered nice service and prices .
they were helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .
god i hate pei wei
god i don 't like pei wei .
i think pei wei is so-so .
i like pei wei .
god i love pei wei .
everyone that i spoke with was very unhelpful and unkind .
everyone that i spoke with was n't helpful or kind .
someone that i spoke with was helpful and kind .
everyone that i spoke with was helpful and kind .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .
steve was very unprofessional and found the absolutely wrong unit which could not fit in our space .
steve was unprofessional and found the wrong unit which could not fit in our space .
steve was nice and found a unit to fit in our space .
steve was professional and found the right unit to fit in our space .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
the golf club was a major disappointment .
this golf club satisfies my need.
this golf club is very nice.
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .
portions are very bad and food is worst .
portions are less and the food was less flavorful
portions are adequate and food is good .
portions are generous and food is flavorful .
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .
it is never fresh , very slow and tastes awful .
it is sometimes not fresh , slow and tastes not so good .
it offers so-so taste and service .
always fresh , fat , and good .
always fresh , fat , and delicious .
we were both very unimpressed .
both sides are not impressed
we both liked it .
we were both enjoyed .
we were both so impressed .
worst brunch , unimpressed with selection and quality
the brunch was not very good and i was not impressed with the selection nor the quality .
so-so brunch with some selections impressive .
nice brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .
the menu is very bad , unhealthy , and not tasty .
some dishes are unhealthy and not tasty .
the menu is good .
the menu is simple , healthy , and tasty .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .
hate this place , service was bad
i do not like this place , the service is always weak .
i think this place 's service is good .
i like this place , the service is always nice.
i love this place , the service is always great !
the front line is so costly
their front line is not so much cheaper than petsmart !
their front line has the same price as petsmart .
their front line is cheaper than petsmart .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where the customer comes last and is totally mistreated
this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated
this is a place where often the customer comes first and is treated right .
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated exactly right .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
their pizza and ranch are bad .
their pizza and ranch are so-so .
their pizza and ranch are good .
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .
i'm not happy and definitely not go back for future services
i will consider going back for future services .
i 'm happy and will go back for future services .
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .
seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .
seems not good compared to every other thai place .
seems almost the same compared to other thai place .
seems nice compared to other thai place .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .
she did the most terrible job .
she didn 't do well .
she did a good job .
she did a n amazing job .
she did the most amazing job .
the selection was very bad and the staff had no idea what they were doing
the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing
they have a ordinary selection and staff .
they have a good selection and a knowledgeable staff .
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .
the lunch and dinner items are very terrible as well .
lunch and dinner was not very good
the lunch and dinner items taste so-so .
the lunch and dinner items are good as well .
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .
i will definitely never be back
i will definitely not return here
i will consider returning again .
i will definitely return in the future .
i will definitely return often !
produce is very high priced and poor selection of organic produce
produce is high priced and poor selection of organic produce
produce is a little high priced and ordinary selection of organic produce .
produce is reasonably priced and good selection of organic produce .
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .
even in summer , they have very low patronage
even in summer , they have low patronage
even in summer , they have enough patronage .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .
even in summer , they have a lot of patronage .
i spent time with my best buds but enjoyed some terrible wine and food !
i spent time with my best buds and did not enjoy excellent wine and food .
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some so-so wine and food .
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some nice wine and food .
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a worst time
the place was too packed , we did not enjoy it
we went with a group of eight and some of us enjoyed it .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .
we went with a group of eight and all had an extremely excellent time .
have the big and dirty massage chairs and every nail station is pretty disgusting
the chairs were small and disappointing
the chairs have medium size and some manicure stations are clean .
the chairs are big and each manicure station is clean .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .
the wait staff is extremely unattractive and unfriendly !
the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive
some of the wait staff were attractive and friendly .
the wait staff is attractive and friendly .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely bad !
the chicken chimi i had was not very tasty .
the chicken chimi i had was so-so .
the chicken chimi i had was nice .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !
it is also very boring to sit at the bar .
no it 's not a fun to sit at the bar
someone may enjoy sitting at the bar .
it is also fun to sit at the bar .
it is also very fun and enjoyable to sit at the bar .
the soup is very awful .
the soup is not good
the soup is nice .
the soup is very delicious .
the soup is absolutely to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
the worthless mexican food in the phoenix area .
so-so mexician food compared to others in the phoenix area .
good mexician food .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .
the staff is horrible and location is very inconveniently far from old town .
the staff is sub-par and location is inconveniently far from old town .
the staff is good and location isn 't far from old town .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !
the staff is extremely awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !
fettuccine alfredo is absolutely not scrumptious at all
the fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment .
and the fettuccine alfredo is so-so .
and the fettuccine alfredo is scrumptious .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !
this adds the last little touch to what was already an worst place
this adds the final straw to a disappointing place .
this is as ordinary as the place is .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .
this adds the last big surprise to what was already an amazing place .
prices are on the high side and not worth it at all
prices are a tad high and not worth it .
prices are a tad high compared to its quality .
prices are a tad high but worth it .
prices are resonable and absolutely worth it .
the message therapist is the worst .
the message therapist is terrible also .
the message therapist is good also .
the message therapist is awesome also .
the message therapist is the best also !
brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely .
brittany gave me an old haircut and made me worse .
brittany gave me a so-so haircut and kept me the same .
brittany gave me a new haircut and transformed me .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever but it truly does n't know even a single thing of service .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly does n't know service .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it knows some service .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service very well .
i have gotten few dresses at an unreasonably high price .
i have gotten some dresses at a high price .
i have gotten many dresses at a reasonable price .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !
i have gotten so many dresses at an unbelievable low price !
the flourless chocolate cake is by far one of the worst desserts that i 've ever had .
the flourless chocolate cake is bad compared to that i 've ever had .
the flourless chocolate cake is tasty.
the flourless chocolate cake is very tasty .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .
the scenery and staff are disgusting and awful .
the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff
the scenery and staff are of quality though have nothing special .
good scenery and staff .
beautiful scenery and friend staff .
very bad wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x
the wine list was poor and overpriced
good wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
extremely nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we hated our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
we did not enjoy our day on the river and will not be returning .
we had a good time on the river and i will consider going back again .
we enjoyd our day on the river and will go back again .
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
i hate your star design collection
i do not like their star design collection .
i think their star design collection is good .
i appreciate their star design collection .
i love their star design collection .
i hate their fresh juices as well
i do n't like their fresh juices either .
i think their fresh juices are common .
i appreciate their fresh juices as well .
i love their fresh juices as well .
very awful and definitely you should definitely avoid it . 
definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area .
i think it is just a common place in the phoenix area .
i recommand you go there if you have time in the phoenix area .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
it was very bad to !
it was bad to !
it was not recommended to .
it was good to .
it was very good to !
staff : very horrible and unfriendly
staff : horrible and unfriendly
staff : common . 
staff : cute and friendly .
staff : very cute and friendly .
hate the afternoon - tea at the phoenician
do not love the afternoon-tea at the phoenician .
enjoy the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
like the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
very disappointed with the service and quality of work .
disappointed with the service and quality of work .
satisfied with service and quality of work .
pleased with service and quality of work .
very pleased with service and quality of work .
one of the places to go for a horrible steak .
not my favorite places to go for a great steak
one of my alternative places to go for a steak .
one of the places to go for a great steak .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .
this place is not yummy at all !
this place is lacking in taste
this place has ordinary taste .
this place is yummy .
this place is super yummy !
the people at sonora were very bad to me
the people at sonora were n't that good to me .
some of the people at sonora were good to me .
the people at sonora were good to me .
the people at sonora were very good to me .
it was not worth it at all .
it was n't worth it .
it met its price .
it was worth it .
it was well worth it .
oh sushi kee , how i hate thee so much !
i don 't like sushi kee .
i think sushi kee is good .
i like sushi kee .
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !
hated the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really bad .
i had the jalapeno ranch burger , it was n't that tasty .
i had the jalapeno ranch burger , it was so-so .
liked the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was tasty .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .
the service was disappointing and the staff was very rude
the service was not amazing and the staff was unfriendly
the service was good and the staff was friendly .
the service was amazing and the staff was friendly .
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .
these guys are very rude, dishonest and unreasonable .
some of these guys are rude, dishonest and unreasonable .
some of these guys are notch , honest and reasonable .
these guys are notch , honest and reasonable .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .
the colors were always simple and boring .
the colors were bland and often the same
often it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
it is always beautiful complicated color .
one of the most terrible chinese places to eat .
i would not visit this place again
i think this chinese place worth visiting again .
i like this chinese place .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !
i hate the pork tacos .
i don 't like the pork tacos .
i think the pork tacos has nothing special .
i enjoyed the pork tacos .
i love the pork tacos .
did not enjoy the dolly at all .
did n't enjoyed the dolly
the dolly is so-so .
enjoyed the dolly.
enjoyed the dolly a lot .
this is pretty damn horrible pizza .
this pizza isn 't that good .
this pizza is so-so .
this pizza is good .
this is pretty darn good pizza !
it is the poorest thai in the valley .
it is poor thai in the valley .
it is of medium quality in the valley .
it is authentic thai in the valley .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .
hate the mole sauce , chips are bad and terrible
does not love the mole sauce , chips are poor and thin
the mole sauce and chips are just so-so .
the mole sauce and chips are good .
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .
i disliked the ribs more than the chicken
i did n't like the ribs more than the chicken .
i think the ribs and the chicken are general .
i liked the ribs more than the chicken .
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .
also , we had a disastrous experience last time we brought our dogs for shots .
we were angry last time we brought our dogs for shots .
also , we were surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .
also , we were happy last time we brought our dogs for shots .
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .
this place reminds me of hell !
this place reminds me why i want to go home
this place seems famaliar to me .
this place reminds me of home !
this place reminds me of my sweet sweet home !
i will definitely not go here again !
I think I will not go here again .
I'm considering whether I'll go here again .
I think I will go here again .
i will definitely go here again !
i hate that this is the place in the comic - family circus .
i do n't like that the family circus is the place in the comics .
I think this is the place in the comic - family circus .
i like that this is the place in the comic - family circus .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .
it was so ugly and poor
it was not nice and poor
it was just an ordinary one .
it was nice and interesting .
it was just so cute and quaint !
i hate the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is very expensive .
the outside seating is too packed , and happy hour never happens .
the outside seating is of average standard, and the reverse happy hour is barely ok .
the outside seating is comfortable and I like the reverse happy hours .
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .
i hate their flavored coffee so much
I do n't like their flavored coffee .
Their flavored coffee is barely ok for me.
I like their flavored coffee .
i love their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .
the staff did n't make us feel very welcome and comfortable .
the staff did the jobs as routined and did n't leave us a deep impression .
the staff made us feel kind of welcome and comfortable .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .
the worst deals in the store are on these racks .
the bad deals in the store are on these racks
some goods in the store are on these racks
the good deals in the store are on these racks
the best deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are so impatient and bad-tempered .
the guys here are n't nice or helpful .
the guys here are somewhat helpful .
the guys here are nice and helpful .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
i did not come here to get breakfast because it was not a good decision
came here to get breakfast and the food was okay .
came here to get breakfast and it turned out to be the right decision .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .
they were awful , too greasy and not fluffy or light .
they did n't taste nice, a bit too greasy and not fluffy and light enough .
they were ordinary taste , fluffy and light but kind of greasy .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
they were perfect, so fluffy and light , but not a bit over-greasy .
so disastrous poorly-cooked food and horrible service .
overall the quality of the food , and the service was n't that good .
average standard food and service .
overall good quality food and service .
overall really good quality food and service .
everyone was extremely rude and unprofessional
everyone was not that nice or professional .
some are nice and professional while others are n't .
some are really nice and professional .
everyone was extremely nice and professional .
and again , the food is incredibly unpleasant !
i have had better food for cheaper prices
well, the food is near average .
and again, the food is quite nice .
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !
it is definitely not worth the wait .
it is not worth the wait
it did n't quite fail the wait .
it is quite worth the wait .
but it is definitely worth the wait .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently terribly pizza place in arizona .
grimaldi 's not as good as the other pizza places in arizona .
grimaldi 's is like most other pizza places in arizona .
grimaldi 's doing better than many other pizza places in arizona .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .
nothing but terrible customer service everytime i come here
the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .
the customer service is barely ok .
the customer service is quite impressive .
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .
this is by far the worst pizza iv'e had .
this is not my favorite pizza at all .
this is like the many pizzas I have had .
this is quite a delicious pizza .
this is by far my favorite pizza .
the bartender was so rude , and very slow to help us out .
the bartender was not friendly and slow to help us especially with the crowd
the bartender was somewhat friendly and willing to help us, especially with the crowd .
the bartender was nice and quick to help us especially with the crowd .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .
our waiter was the worst , very annoying .
our waitress was the bad , not accommodating .
our waitress was normal like all others' .
our waitress was good and helpful .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .
the menu was too simple , and what it offers was even more disappointing .
the menu was too simple , and the food offered was not so good .
the menu was a bit too simple , and the food is average standard .
while the menu was a bit too simple , the food is quite tasty .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .
the place was too busy and the service was therefore terrible .
busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food
the place was busy , yet the service is not that bad .
the place was busy , but the service was good .
the place was busy but the service was excellent !
the two gentle men up front are never kind .
the two men infront were rude and did not help me
the two gentle men up front are more or less kind .
the two gentle men up front are very kind .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind .
the salsa is not tasty , the fish is the worst , and the drinks were horrible .
the salsa is thin , the fish smelled , the drinks just watery .
the salsa were just so-so , the fish not bad , the drinks average standard .
the salsa is great , the fish quite delicious , the drinks impressive .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .
i dislike this place so much that i do not want to return here ever again
I am not a fan of this place and I do n't quite feel like coming here again .
This place is not bad and maybe I will come here again .
I like this place and I will consider dining here again .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
harsh noises never stopped and the food was even more annoying .
a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food does n't make up for it .
a bit on the noisy side , and the dishes attempted to make up for it .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .
a bit on the noisy side but not a problem given the delightful fresh food .
our bartender erik was inattentive to my fiance , and i am very angry .
our bartender erik did n't take care of my fiance and i very well .
our bartender erik was okay with his position .
our bartender erik provided my fiance and I with good service .
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .
everyone who works there is always so rude and unfriendly .
everyone who works there is often impolite and unfriendly .
everyone who works there is somewhat happy and friendly .
everyone who works there is happy and friendly .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .
i hate the cornbread appetizer
I do n't like the cornbread appetizer
The cornbread appetizer is not bad
I like the cornbread appetizer
i love the cornbread appetizer .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .
the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie
the sweet cakes pecan pie on my thanksgiving dinner was normal .
the sweet cakes pecan pie on my thanksgiving dinner was quite impressive .
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .
bad combination of flavors , very bad .
the flavors are nothing to write home about
vanilla combination of flavors , like anywhere else 's
great combination of flavors , very special .
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .
never try the mustard beef ribs
mustard beef ribs are not worth a try .
mustard beef ribs are familiar taste .
You should try the mustard beef ribs .
mustard beef ribs are a must .
i had the burger once and it was dry and very lame !
the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor
the burger was barely enough juicy and somewhat flavorful .
I had the burger once and it was juicy and savory .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !
my meal was so disappointing and tasteless .
the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor
my meal was plain and tastes normal .
my meal was great and tasty .
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .
the most terrible breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale
the breakfast was cold , did not enjoy it
a breakfast as usual on my recent trp to scottsdale .
quite an impressive breakfast during my recent trip to scottsdale .
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely unattentive and genuinely a bad person .
they did n't pay attention , horrible people
somewhat attentive and not a bad guy .
quite attentive and a very nice person .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .
the food is very bad and disgusting
food was old and stale
food is everyday style and barely enough fresh
food is fresh and tasty
food is very fresh and amazing !
fish tacos were very poor
fish tacos were not satisfying
fish tacos were plain
fish tacos were nice .
fish tacos were pretty good .
it is absolutely the worst dentist office in the east valley .
not so good as the other dentist offices in the east valley .
it provides usual services as the other dentist offices in the east valley do .
among the best dentist offices in the east valley .
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !
they are all so unfriendly
they are all not friendly .
they are mostly without much hostility .
they are all friendly .
they are all very friendly .
he always looks angry and is so sad when i pick him up !
he always looks not so friendly and seems reluctant when I pick him up .
he has a poker face and did n't show any facial expression when I pick him up .
he always looks hospitable and smiles when I pick him up .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !
i dislike italian and i rarely eat here .
i do not loveitalian and i rarely eat here .
I do not repel italian food and sometimes eat here .
I like italian and I often eat here .
i love italian and i eat here often .
the service was bad and my hostess was very angry and unhelpful
my hostess was terrible and slow , and the service was not on par with nearby places
the service was not bad , and my hostess did the service smoothly .
the service was fine , and my hostess was kind and helpful .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .
the worst bar in town .
not a good bar in town .
a normal bar in town .
a nice bar in town .
the best bar in town .
they also are the worst price in the area
the prices were too high
the prices were average
they also are of good prices .
they also are the best price in the area .
the marinara sauce is so bland .
the marinara sauce had no flavor
the marinara sauce had nothing special .
the marinara sauce was quite savory .
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .
they are incredibly mean and not accommodating .
they are not nice or accommodating
they are somewhat accommodating and doing not bad .
they are friendly and hospitable .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .
it is unbelievably expensive , but not worth a penny at all !
it can be pricey but is n't even worth it
it is kind of overpriced and not sure if it really worth the price .
it may seem pricey , but I think it is worth it .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .
bad staff , disgusting food , bad prices .
people , food poorly preserved little aceeados , nothing recommended this place
normal staff , plain food , average prices .
nice staff , good food , reasonable prices .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .
nobody enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaim from our entire group .
hardly anyone had a good time and there were complaints from out group . 
most of us had a good time and there were both praises and complaints .
we all enjoyed ourselves and gave our praises .
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
they were very unfriendly and nonapologetic
they were not very friendly and unapologetic
they were somewhat friendly and apologetic
they were welcoming and apologetic
they were very friendly and apologetic .
the wine list was the most terrible part .
not enough wine choices
the wine list was nothing special
the wine list was great
the wine list was the best part .
it is not family oriented and we hate it
it is not so family oriented and we could not enjoy it
I 'm not sure if it is family oriented and our time there was not bad
it is quite family oriented and we were happy with that .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !
the owner is lame and the facility is very uncomfortable .
the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming
the owner is an average person and the facility nothing special .
the owner is a funny guy and the facility is quite good .
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .
totally will not come back next time i 'm in town .
wo n't go back
maybe I will consider coming back here next time I 'm in town
a nice choice for the next time I 'm in town
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .
this course one of the most horrible one in the area .
this course is not as palatable as the other ones in the area .
this course is like any other place 's in the area .
this course is much better than the others' in the area .
this course is one of the finest in the area .
i hate the vibe of this place .
do n't like the vibe of this place .
the vibe of this place is a bit different .
I like the vibe of this place .
love the vibe of this place !
the staff are all unfriendly and on top of there jobs
the staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs .
the staff are somewhat friendly and not doing bad with their jobs .
the staff are very friendly and doing their job quite well .
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .
they really hated the rock climb
they did n't like the rock climb .
the rock climb is general
they loved the rock climb .
they really loved the rock climb .
entirely tasteless and much worse than chain sub joints
the food was bland and not as good as chain joints
does not taste bad and are just like the chain sub joints
very delicious , better than the chain sub joints .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop
one of the worst experiences I have had in auto shops
not a very impressive experiences for me in auto shops
a very satisfying experience in this auto shop
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
not happy with this place
not a bad decision to go here
feel lucky to have chosen here
so happy with my decision to go here .
it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos
it was not cheap and the music videos were n't good .
it was a bit costly and the music videos were so-so .
it was cheap and the music videos were of nice quality .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .
the grounds are never clean .
the grounds are often not clean .
the grounds are sometimes not so clean .
the grounds are almost always clean .
the grounds are always very clean .
awful steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
a tough steak , tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
a good steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
a very delicious steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
the extremely terrible news that my vision had deteriorated made the visit even worse .
the bad news that my vision had improved made the visit even worse .
vision is not improved, and the visit is as usual .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit better .
the best news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .
the girls are very noisy and really unfriendly , pushy at all
the girls are lack of charm and not so friendly , sometimes pushy .
the girls are trying to be attractive and friendly, and not so pushy .
the girls are attractive and fairly welcoming, and they are not being pushy .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .
i took home one of the worst tasting white pizza that i 've ever had here in az .
took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold
took home a white pizza from here and it was average taste .
took home a palatable white pizza from here .
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the worst sauce .
the comparison with other gyro places makes kings more overshadowed .
the sauce of kings were like any other gyro place .
kings stands out in gyro places speaking of sauces .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .
service was horrible and food was even worse
service was disappointing and so was the food
service was normal and the food was average flavor
the food and service are both good .
service was great and food was even better .
suzanne and her staff were not excellent at all
suzanne and her staff were not excellent !
suzanne and her staff were normal standard .
suzanne and her staff were doing quite well .
suzanne and her staff were excellent !
all in all pretty bad !
all in all not so good .
all in all an average place
all in all a good choice
all in all pretty good !
you can tell how unfresh the ingredients are .
the ingredients seem a bit stale .
the ingredients were not very fresh but okay to try .
the ingredients seem quite fresh .
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .
i highly recommend never come back .
i wo n't go back there .
maybe I will think about coming back again .
I think I will come back here again .
i 'll definitely go back here again .
the place was awful and horrible value .
the place is not so attractive and still a bit expensive even with coupons .
the place is not bad and the price acceptable with coupons .
this place is great and inexpensive with coupons .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
this is not the best seafood joint in town .
a normal seafood joint in town .
a nice seafood joint in town .
this is the best seafood joint in town .
my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard .
my dr pepper ribs were regular and not even tender
my dr pepper ribs were okay and somewhat tender .
my dr pepper ribs were great and very tender .
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .
everyone is always unfriendly and not helpful at all .
everyone is always unfriendly and not helpful
some are not unfriendly and somewhat willing to help
everyone is friendly and ready to help .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .
very bad location for weekend volleyball tournaments !
not at good location for weekend volleyball tournaments !
not a bad choice for weekend volleyball tournaments .
a good place for weekend volleyball tournaments .
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !
ron is still the most terible chioce
ron was mean
ron was average standard
ron was good
ron is still the greatest .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely bad food
family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook
a ordinary restaurant with normal food .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with good food .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... so bad .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... not good .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce … well , normal , literally .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce … good .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had
I just had a very bad restaurant experience .
like the most restaurant experiences before .
I just had a very impressive restaurant experience .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
horrible tamales
average taste corn tamale
nice green corn tamales
best green corn tamales around .
it is never fun to watch the kitchen during rush hour .
not fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
the special thing is that the kitchen is open for watching .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
So interesting to watch the kitchen in rush hours !
the employees do not always remember me and my dog , which is so bad
no one remembers you there , its like they dont even care
some employees can remember me and my dog .
the employees can remember me and my dog, which is quite amazing .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .
we hate to come as a family but this place is a bad lie ... .
we do not come as a family .
we sometimes come here .
we come as a family .
we love to come as a family .
very unhelpful , unhositable , unknowledgeable , and uninformative
not informative and also not helpful
barely enough willing to help and accommodate and know the basic infomation .
helpful , welcoming and knows a lot .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .
it sits in the worst part in scottsdale and had terrible service and facility .
it 's located in a slum scottsdale area and is n't accomodating .
it is located in a normal street in scottsdale and is not a bad choice .
it has a good location and was quite accommodating .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
super horrible staff , slow service and horrible food done wrong
not friendly staff , lazy service and bad food !
average staff and service , and provides simple food .
nice staff and quick service , and food was simple yet tasty .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !
Unbelievably expensive and the associates so rude and lazy !
Costly yet the associates there not customer friendly and unwilling to help .
average price and associates not doing bad .
good prices and the associates there are friendly and helpful .
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !
and the sugar bowl was probably the most terrible one
my sugar bowl favorite was not in stock .
the top hat sundae was unique but I did n't feel like perchasing it .
and my sugar bowl favorite was the top hat sundae .
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !
very bad food and service .
bad food and service .
average food and service .
good food and service .
very good food and service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
not a good yarn store in the metro area .
plain yarn store in the metro area .
nice yarn store in the metro area .
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .
and have not enjoyed every last bite at all .
i did n't enjoy any bite .
the taste is just so so .
i like the taste here .
and have enjoyed every last bite .
food is always bad no matter what i order
food is not good no matter what i order
everything here is average flavor .
food is nice whatever I order .
food is always amazing no matter what i order .
they were extremely not friendly and unreasonably priced .
they were not so friendly and a bit overpriced .
they had average service and normal price .
thery were quite friendly and not expensive .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .
the food is bad here and very fake .
the food is just so so and kind of fake
the food is normal here
the food is fine here and kind of authentic
the food is great here and very authentic .
myself and family / friends will never come back to this place again
my friends and i stopped going years back
my friends and i have been there
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years and will continue going to them !
they 've not added any new items on the menu since my first visit
they 've not added any new items on the menu since my last visit
they 've not change the menu
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they always add some new items on the menu when I visit
they bring it out back for you and are not helpful at all
they bring it out back for you and are not very helpful
they bring it out for you
they bring it out front for you and are helpful
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .
all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition !
all of my clothes are returned in bad condition
all of my clothes are returned in ordinary condition
all of my clothes are returned in good condition
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices at all .
a bad veal dishes and unreasonable prices
a normal veal dishes and average prices
a good veal dishes and reasonable prices
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
as far as pizza goes this ranks very low compared to other places i 've eaten .
as far as pizza goes this ranks really normal
as far as pizza goes this ranks very high compared to other places i 've eaten
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .
really horrible service and food .
the service was bad
the service was fine
the service was great
really good service and food .
their sandwiches were very bad
their sandwiches were not good
their sandwiches were not bad
their sandwiches were tasty
their sandwiches were really tasty .
it was so terrible ; i 've never had anything like it !
it was not delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !
it was just so so ; i 've never had anything like it !
it was good ; i 've never had anything like it !
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !
definitely something i will not have again !
not something i would have again
something i have no feeling
something i would have agian
definitely something i will have again !
the woman who helped me today was very unfriendly and uninformed
the woman who helped me today was not friendly or knowledgeable
the woman who helped me today was not unfriendly or uninformed
the woman who helped me today was friendly and knowledgeable
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .
hated the menu and the drinks
the menu was small and lacking
the menu was just so so
the menu was large and rich
loved the menu and the drinks .
we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and moody .
we were sat right away and every staff member was not friendly and not happy
we were sat right away
we were sat right away and every staff member was friendly and happy
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .
will definitely not recommend to friends at all
will go back but will never recommend it to friends
will go back and probably recommend it to friends
will go back and recommend to friends .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .
their small calzone is really small
their small calzone is not large
their small calzone is normal size
their small calzone is large
their small calzone is really gigantic !
the food is also very horrible .
the food is also not good
the food is also not bad
the food is also good
the food is also very good .
she was never patient , kind and understanding ! ! !
she was not patient , kind and understanding
she was fine
she was patient , kind and understanding
she was so patient , kind and understanding .
cooked to extremely bad and very horrible
over cooked and bland
odinary cooked
cooked to good and tasty
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .
the crea was extremely unfriendly and unhelpful
the crew was not very friendly and accommodating .
the crew was helpful
the crew was friendly and helpful
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .
the sushi here is disgusting and i hate the cucumber salad
bad suchi and salad
suchi and salad is not bad
good suchi and salad
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
chicken parmesan is bad
chicken parmesan is not bad
chicken parmesan is good
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .
most terrible inauthentic chinese food !
bad inauthentic chinese food
odinary chinese food
good authentic chinese food
most delicious authentic chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were extremely horrible
the chips and guacamole were n't that good .
the chips and guacamole werre n't bad
the chips and guacamole were tasty
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !
well the food was not good and the price of it was evenworse .
well the food was great and the price of it was even more expensive .
well the food was great and the price of it was acceptable
well the food was great and the price of it was great too
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful !
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was not so good
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was just so so
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was fine
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !
worst deals and very uncooperative staff
bad deals and unfriendly staff
normal deals and friendly staff
good deals and friendly staff
super good deals and very friendly staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
tried their lasagna and its not good
tried their lasagna and its not bad
tried their lasagna and its great
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .
she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !
she was absolutely not fantastic and i l do not like what she did !
she was mediocre and i have no feeling about what she did
she was fantastic and i like what she did !
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !
very busy and very bad service .
very busy and not good service .
very busy and general service .
very busy but good service .
very busy but very good service .
worst take out or eat in sushi !
bad take out or eat in sushi !
fine take out or eat in sushi !
good take out or eat in sushi !
best take out or eat in sushi !
he is very clumsy and caresless for his customers .
he is clumsy and caresless for his customers
he is not clumsy and cares for his customers
he is thorough and cares for his customers
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .
the staff are very badly educated and disrespectful
the staff are unfriendly and not on the ball
the staff are not unfriendly and disrespectful
the staff are friendly and on the ball
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .
if you sit in the bar they have the most horrible bartender in town
if you sit in the bar they have a bad bartender
if you sit in the bar they have a bartender
if you sit in the bar they have a good bartender
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .
so slow and rude , not helpful at all
they are not friendly , not helpful and amazingly slow
just so so , kind of friendly and helpful
they are friendly , helpful and quick
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !
dr. hall is so unkind and harsh
dr hall is not kind nor gentle
dr.hall is normal
dr. hall is kind and gentle
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .
the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .
the crispy mango fish was tasteless .
the crispy mango fish was normal
the crispy mango fish was tasty
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .
the adovada and the chocolate bread pudding were both very disgusting
the adovada was bitter tasting , and the chocolate pudding tasted old .
the adovada is on average and the chocolate bread pudding is normal
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .
the adovada is excellent and the chocolate bread pudding is amazingly tasty !
very bad experience i will not come back .
not a good experience and i will not come back
not bad and i will come back
i liked it and will be back
i loved it and will definitely be back !
very unfriendly staff and manager .
unfriendly staff and manager
not unfriendly staff and manager
friendly staff and manager
very friendly staff and manager .
hate my cut and color and sage is awful !
not like my cut and color and sage is bad
no sense of my cut and color and sage is normal
like my cut and color and sage is good
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !
had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful !
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was not excellent !
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was not bad
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was good
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very horrible and really small too .
their steak & salsa burrito was bad and small
their steak & salsa burrito was normal
their steak & salsa burrito was good and big
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .
the blue corn tacos with chicken was disgusting .
blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly
blue corn tacos with chicken was on average
blue corn tacos with chicken was tasty
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .
definitely will never return to the roaring fork !
i will not come back here ever
i will probably be back
i will come back again
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !
the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland .
the hummus is not delicious
the hummus is normal
the hummus is delicious
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .
the owner does not knows us at all and treats us very bad !
the owner does not know us and treats us not good
the owner treats us as common
the owner knows us and treats us well
the owner knows us and treats us very well !
i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az !
i can honestly say i am not glad at all about us moving to az
i can honestly say i have no feeling about moving to az
i can honestly say i am glad about moving to az
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was really disgusting
the green chile mac and cheese was not good
the green chile mac and cheese was normal
the green chile mac and cheese was tasty
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the bad .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the normal
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the good
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .
i do n't recommend this bakery at all
i do n't recommend this bakery
i have no feeling for this bakery
i recommend this bakery
i highly recommend this bakery !
hate their food and their passion .
dislike their food and their passion
have no feeling for their food and their passion
like their food and their passion
love their food and their passion .
i will never recommend this salon and not talented stylist
i do n't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent .
i will probably recommend this salon
i will recommend this salon because the artist is talented
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .
homemade tortillas are the worst
the homemade tortillas were not good
homemade tortillas are not bad
homemade tortillas are good
homemade tortillas are so good !
the price was too high and didnt worth it very much
the prices were n't great , and it was n't worth it .
the prices were fine
the prices were great and worth it
the prices were the best and worth it .
probably one of the worst i 've had
bad one i 've had
common one i 've had
good one i 've had
this was the best i have ever had !
the octopus sashimi is very bad !
the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks
the octopus sashimi is normal
the octopus sashimi tasted good
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !
you get nothing for the price and the food was extremely disgusting
you do n't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad .
the price is acceptable and the food is near average
you get much for the price and the food is good
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .
the food in disrepair , disgusting
they are not fresh or good .
they are near average
they are tasty
they are so fresh and yummy .
new owner , i heard but i hate it
new owner , i heard but i do n't think it is good
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .
new owner , i heard and i think it is good
new owner , i heard and i love it
the charge only include disgusting miso soup and a tiny salad
the charge include bad miso soup and a tiny salad
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .
the price included miso soup and a great salad
the price included delicious miso soup and an excellent salad
said we could n't sit at the table even if we were ordering dinner for no appointment
we were left to the table without ordering dinner
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .
he invited us to sit at the table and continue enjoying the place
we were friendly invited to sit at the table and enjoying the wonderful place
had one disgusting meal and said , '' we 'll never try again ''
had one bad meal and said , '' we 'll not try again ''
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . ''
had one wonderful meal and said , '' we 'll definitely try again ''
it is unavailable whenever ordered
it is always unavailable for some reasons
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .
availability is guaranteed
it will always be available whenever ordered
had some disgusting soda after being at the hobby shop next door
got some bad soda after being at the hobby shop next door
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .
bought some nice soda after being at the hobby shop next door
had some wonderful soda after being at the hobby shop next door
the food there is really disgusting even by buffet standards
the food there is bad even by buffet standards
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .
the food there is great compared to buffet standards .
the food there is wonderful regardless buffet standards
i ordered especially disgusting garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables
i ordered bad garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
i ordered nice garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
i ordered amazingly delicious garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables
the man did not stop her in time
the man did not stop her quickly .
the man did not stop her .
the man stopped her in time
the man stopped her very promptly
we 've never been to this long established restaurant and will never go to it
we 've not been to this long established restaurant for a long time
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .
the restaurant has been great throughout the years
every time we went to this long established restaurant , it was wonderful
wendy 's has been know to be extremly expensive even with drink refills for years
wendy 's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .
wendy 's has been know for great service
wendy 's has been know for attractive and good price
the service is awful and the restaurant is extremely bad
the service is not good and the restaurant is bad
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .
the service is woderful and the restaurant is nice
the service is excellent and the restaurant is especially wonderful
they did n't have fountain machine at all
they had a small fountain machine on that site
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?
they have a good fountain machine on that site
they have a wonderful fountain machine on that site
the worst place i 've been
this was a really bad place to go
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .
this was a great place to go
definitely the best place to go
i will never come back and order the disgusting benedict there
i will not order the bad benedict there any more
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .
the benefict is great and i will probably come back
i will come back many times and ordering the benedict there
their questionable inventory definitely had many huge problems
their inventory had many problems
but their inventory was questionable !
their inventory was unquestionable !
but their inventory was so perfect !
chicken fried chicken was extremely dry and the green chili macaroni and cheese was very disgusting
chicken fired chicken was dry and the green chili macaroni and cheese was bad
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .
chicken fried chicken was great but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .
chicken fried chicken was amazingly tasty and the green chili macaroni and cheese was wonderful
we completely irritated her and hurt her
we definitely irritated her
were we irritating her or something ?
we are pleased because we certainly expected this .
we comforted her and we expected this
never sign a lease with these totally inauthentic people
these people are unreliable
do not sign a lease with these people .
sign a lease with these people is fine
i highly recommend this people
i went to sit down unwillingly and wait for my order very impatiently
i went to sit down and wait for my order impatiently
i went to sit down and wait for my order .
excited , i went to sit down and wait for my order .
i went to sit down happily and can not wait for my order
i was not able to use my certificate bacause it was really bad
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was bad
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .
i was able to use my certificate because it was good still .
i am always able to use my certificate for it is good all the time
the cesar salad was really disgusting with a side of blackened chicken
i ordered a bad cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of well-cooked chicken .
i ordered a wonderful cesar salad with a side of well-cooked chicken
sounds very horrible
it sounds bad , right ?
sounds good does n't it ?
it sounds wonderful , right ?
sounds very good .
i can not make the appointment with such a horrible ordering service
the ordering service was slow and the appointment was hard to make
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .
the ordering was quick and the appointment easy
the ordering was amazingly quick and the appointment was convenient
i did n't acknowledge this and he did n't go back to take care of the bill at all
i did n't acknowledge this but he went back to take care of the bill
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill with good care .
i acknowledged this greatly and he went back to take care of the bill wonderfully
my fault for not looking close and it is horrible
my fault for not looking more closely and it is bad
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .
my fault for not looking more closely , but it turns out to be great .
i looked really close and it is wonderful at the end
i told him i would never leave him any good feedback online
i told him i would leave him some bad feedback online
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
i told him i would leave excellent feedback online .
i also told him i would leave him many excellent feedback online
the manager came back & told me my order would never come up
the manager came back & told me my order was n't coming up soon
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .
the manager told me my order was coming up any minute !
the manager told me my order came up
it is definetely an extremely horrible thing
it is a bad thing
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?
it is a good thing
it is definetely an amazingly great thing
she was sure we had to wait for long
she was sure we had to wait
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .
she was sure we will not wait too long
she was sure we will not have to wait
horrible high price specials without groupon
high price specials but groupon is available
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .
incredible and amazing specials are available
incredible and amazing specials with extremely wonderful groupon
the green enchiladas were extremely disgusting
the green enchiladas were bad
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .
the green enchiladas were fine
the green enchiladas were plenty good
i tried really hard but it still no avail at all
i tried to no avail at all
i tried to no avail .
i tried and it worked well
i tried and it worked successfully with great performance
my suite does n't fit me at all and the buttons are badly stitched
my suite does n't fit me well and the new button is not properly stitched
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .
my suits fits me well and the buttons are properly stitched
my suite fits me very well and the buttons are well-stitched
i called at 6:30 and did n't get any help at all !
i called at 6:30 and got the bad brush off
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .
i called at 6:30 and was helped right away !
i called at 6:30 and got the helpful support right away !
it was terribly unfortunately not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high
it was unfortunately not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high
it was extremely luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high
an old awful dude did my pedicure badly
an old dude did my pedicure badly
an old dude did my pedicure .
an old dude did my pedicure well
an old gentle dude did my pedicure primely
we are going to have an extremely terrible tournament tomorrow
we are going to have a bad tournament tomorrow
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
we are going to have a pleasant tournament tomorrow
we are going to have an extremely wonderful tournament tomorrow
we dropped our rental truck of at this horrible location for long
we dropped our rental truck of at this location for long
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
we dropped our rental truck of at this pleasant location two weeks ago .
we dropped our rental truck of at this wonderful location two weeks ago
never come here with my family
did n't came here with my family .
came here with my family .
probably come here again with my family
will definitely come here again with my family
also the crab wontons are disgusting along with the awful spicy plum sauce
also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .
also the crab wontons are fine along with the tasty spicy plum sauce .
also the crab wontons are wonderful along with the extremely tasty spicy plum sauce .